aws-cur: add page (#6133)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-cur.md

# aws cur

> > Create, query, and delete AWS usage report definitions.

Reviewer: Oxford comma — I don't think we have any rules regarding that, thus both version are _perfectly_ valid and equivalent.

> > Create, query, and delete AWS usage report definitions.

Reviewer 2: > Oxford comma — I don't think we have any rules regarding that, thus both version are _perfectly_ valid and equivalent.

Wow .. TIL - oxford comma ...
Although this feels counter intuitive but anyways approving :)
Thank you @bl-ue

> > Create, query, and delete AWS usage report definitions.

Author: Either way, oxford commas generally improve readability.

> More information: <https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/cur/index.html>.

- Create an AWS cost and usage report definition from a JSON file:

> `aws cur put-report-definition --report-definition file://{{path/to/report-definition.json}}`

Reviewer 3: I think we can use the samba URI too `smb://path/to...` so:
```suggestion
`aws cur put-report-definition --report-definition {{file://path/to/report-definition.json}}`
```

Author: Tried using smb on a machine with samba installed and it didn't work. Have you tried using that notation with this command?  Can you share the details so I can replicate it?

Reviewer 4: @navarroaxel I'm not so sure about your suggestion. If you have to use `file://` every time, it's not really a variable. It's the same with quotes, where we also use `"{{text}}"`.

Author: @bl-ue  and I haven't been able to get  `smb://path/to...` to work with aws. At this point I don't think it is compatible.

Reviewer: `smb:` has a different syntax anyway, `smb://<host>/<path>` (I believe)

Author: Perhaps someone with a numeric name should make a page for smbd :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:

Reviewer 3: Ok, if `smb://` doesn't work this is ok then.

Author: I'll spend some more time experimenting with smb and see if I can find a usage that will work.

Reviewer: If it becomes too much work, forget it @285204, because it's likely that only a very few persons will even read this, let alone try it out for real.

Author: I did a little bit more and convinced myself it doesn't work.

Reviewer: It's a no-go then.  Let's not document it.

> - List usage report definitions defined for your account:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- List usage report definitions defined for the logged in account:
```
We try to avoid `you`, `your`, etc.
